c:\users\apatel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HelloWord.API\HelloWord.API\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\apatel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HelloWord.API\HelloWord.API\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\apatel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HelloWord.API\HelloWord.API\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\apatel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HelloWord.API\HelloWord.API\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\apatel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HelloWord.API\HelloWord.API\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\apatel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HelloWord.API\HelloWord.API\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\apatel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HelloWord.API\HelloWord.API\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\apatel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HelloWord.API\HelloWord.API\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\apatel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HelloWord.API\HelloWord.API\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\apatel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HelloWord.API\HelloWord.API\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\apatel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HelloWord.API\HelloWord.API\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\apatel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HelloWord.API\HelloWord.API\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\apatel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HelloWord.API\HelloWord.API\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\apatel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HelloWord.API\HelloWord.API\bin\HelloWord.API.dll.config
c:\users\apatel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HelloWord.API\HelloWord.API\bin\HelloWord.API.dll
c:\users\apatel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HelloWord.API\HelloWord.API\bin\HelloWord.API.pdb
c:\users\apatel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HelloWord.API\HelloWord.API\bin\CommonServiceLocator.dll
c:\users\apatel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HelloWord.API\HelloWord.API\bin\HelloWord.DataAdapters.dll
c:\users\apatel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HelloWord.API\HelloWord.API\bin\HelloWord.DomainModels.dll
c:\users\apatel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HelloWord.API\HelloWord.API\bin\HelloWord.Repositories.dll
c:\users\apatel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HelloWord.API\HelloWord.API\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\apatel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HelloWord.API\HelloWord.API\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\apatel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HelloWord.API\HelloWord.API\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\apatel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HelloWord.API\HelloWord.API\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\apatel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HelloWord.API\HelloWord.API\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\apatel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HelloWord.API\HelloWord.API\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\apatel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HelloWord.API\HelloWord.API\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\apatel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HelloWord.API\HelloWord.API\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\apatel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HelloWord.API\HelloWord.API\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\apatel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HelloWord.API\HelloWord.API\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\apatel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HelloWord.API\HelloWord.API\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\apatel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HelloWord.API\HelloWord.API\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\apatel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HelloWord.API\HelloWord.API\bin\Unity.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\apatel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HelloWord.API\HelloWord.API\bin\Unity.Configuration.dll
c:\users\apatel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HelloWord.API\HelloWord.API\bin\Unity.Container.dll
c:\users\apatel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HelloWord.API\HelloWord.API\bin\Unity.Interception.Configuration.dll
c:\users\apatel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HelloWord.API\HelloWord.API\bin\Unity.Interception.dll
c:\users\apatel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HelloWord.API\HelloWord.API\bin\Unity.RegistrationByConvention.dll
c:\users\apatel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HelloWord.API\HelloWord.API\bin\Unity.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\apatel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HelloWord.API\HelloWord.API\bin\HelloWord.DataAdapters.pdb
c:\users\apatel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HelloWord.API\HelloWord.API\bin\HelloWord.DomainModels.pdb
c:\users\apatel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HelloWord.API\HelloWord.API\bin\HelloWord.Repositories.pdb
c:\users\apatel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HelloWord.API\HelloWord.API\bin\CommonServiceLocator.pdb
c:\users\apatel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HelloWord.API\HelloWord.API\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\apatel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HelloWord.API\HelloWord.API\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\apatel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HelloWord.API\HelloWord.API\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\apatel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HelloWord.API\HelloWord.API\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\apatel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HelloWord.API\HelloWord.API\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\apatel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HelloWord.API\HelloWord.API\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\apatel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HelloWord.API\HelloWord.API\bin\Unity.Abstractions.pdb
c:\users\apatel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HelloWord.API\HelloWord.API\bin\Unity.Configuration.pdb
c:\users\apatel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HelloWord.API\HelloWord.API\bin\Unity.Container.pdb
c:\users\apatel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HelloWord.API\HelloWord.API\bin\Unity.Interception.pdb
c:\users\apatel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HelloWord.API\HelloWord.API\bin\Unity.Interception.Configuration.pdb
c:\users\apatel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HelloWord.API\HelloWord.API\bin\Unity.RegistrationByConvention.pdb
c:\users\apatel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HelloWord.API\HelloWord.API\bin\Unity.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\users\apatel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HelloWord.API\HelloWord.API\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\apatel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HelloWord.API\HelloWord.API\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\apatel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HelloWord.API\HelloWord.API\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\apatel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HelloWord.API\HelloWord.API\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\apatel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HelloWord.API\HelloWord.API\obj\Debug\HelloWord.API.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\apatel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HelloWord.API\HelloWord.API\obj\Debug\HelloWord.API.dll
c:\users\apatel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HelloWord.API\HelloWord.API\obj\Debug\HelloWord.API.pdb
