c:\users\apatel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HelloWord.API\HelloWord.Repositories\bin\Debug\HelloWord.Repositories.dll
c:\users\apatel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HelloWord.API\HelloWord.Repositories\bin\Debug\HelloWord.Repositories.pdb
c:\users\apatel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HelloWord.API\HelloWord.Repositories\bin\Debug\CommonServiceLocator.dll
c:\users\apatel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HelloWord.API\HelloWord.Repositories\bin\Debug\HelloWord.DataAdapters.dll
c:\users\apatel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HelloWord.API\HelloWord.Repositories\bin\Debug\HelloWord.DomainModels.dll
c:\users\apatel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HelloWord.API\HelloWord.Repositories\bin\Debug\Unity.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\apatel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HelloWord.API\HelloWord.Repositories\bin\Debug\Unity.Configuration.dll
c:\users\apatel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HelloWord.API\HelloWord.Repositories\bin\Debug\Unity.Container.dll
c:\users\apatel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HelloWord.API\HelloWord.Repositories\bin\Debug\Unity.Interception.Configuration.dll
c:\users\apatel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HelloWord.API\HelloWord.Repositories\bin\Debug\Unity.Interception.dll
c:\users\apatel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HelloWord.API\HelloWord.Repositories\bin\Debug\Unity.RegistrationByConvention.dll
c:\users\apatel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HelloWord.API\HelloWord.Repositories\bin\Debug\Unity.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\apatel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HelloWord.API\HelloWord.Repositories\bin\Debug\HelloWord.DataAdapters.pdb
c:\users\apatel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HelloWord.API\HelloWord.Repositories\bin\Debug\HelloWord.DomainModels.pdb
c:\users\apatel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HelloWord.API\HelloWord.Repositories\bin\Debug\CommonServiceLocator.pdb
c:\users\apatel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HelloWord.API\HelloWord.Repositories\bin\Debug\Unity.Abstractions.pdb
c:\users\apatel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HelloWord.API\HelloWord.Repositories\bin\Debug\Unity.Configuration.pdb
c:\users\apatel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HelloWord.API\HelloWord.Repositories\bin\Debug\Unity.Container.pdb
c:\users\apatel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HelloWord.API\HelloWord.Repositories\bin\Debug\Unity.Interception.pdb
c:\users\apatel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HelloWord.API\HelloWord.Repositories\bin\Debug\Unity.Interception.Configuration.pdb
c:\users\apatel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HelloWord.API\HelloWord.Repositories\bin\Debug\Unity.RegistrationByConvention.pdb
c:\users\apatel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HelloWord.API\HelloWord.Repositories\bin\Debug\Unity.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\users\apatel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HelloWord.API\HelloWord.Repositories\obj\Debug\HelloWord.Repositories.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\apatel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HelloWord.API\HelloWord.Repositories\obj\Debug\HelloWord.Repositories.dll
c:\users\apatel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HelloWord.API\HelloWord.Repositories\obj\Debug\HelloWord.Repositories.pdb
